!sprite clint: left, neutral
!sprite duck: right, neutral

Clint: Hey, gooseling!

Duck: Duck.

Clint: I got some questions for you.

@duckQuestions
?

What's the deal with the multiple heavens?:multipleheavens,
Tell me about this the corruption.:corruption,
How do I get a hold on the souls of the guardians?:guardians,
How did I die?:clintdeath,
Which heaven will I go to?:clintheaven,
I know everything i need to know.:end

@multipleheavens
Duck (happy): Different people have different taste. We try to accomodate the afterlife to suit them. 

Duck (neutral): To the north lies a place called just "Heaven". Not very imaginative, I know. But it is an old timey and classical place. 

Duck: To the east lies Utopia. The tech-lovers paradise. Robots do everything for those guys.

Duck: And finally to the west Elysium. A lush and green forest  Most of the people there are nudists.

Clint (neutral): Those are the only ones?

Duck: Heavens no! It is just the ones that got corrupted. 

>duckQuestions

@corruption
Duck (neutral): It comes from The Void, and has seeped in to destroy the mind of the guardians. They've gone quite bonkers. 

Clint (neutral): That doesn't sound cliché at all.

Duck: Spare me the sarcasm. 

Duck: Apparently some people enjoy making other people suffer, makes them feel better. They have an afterlife of their own called The Void.

Duck (sad): Sometimes the nastiness seeps out of that place and into the other places.

Clint: So it has happened before?

Duck (neutral): Never heard of anyone returning from the dead before?
>duckQuestions

@guardians
Duck (neutral): Quite simple. You slay them.

Clint (angry): Slaying gods doesn't sound like the job of a hero, partner. 

Duck: Slaying them doesn't destroy them. It just turns their souls into handy crystals. The crystals can be cleansed and then the gods revived.

Clint (neutral): Handy.
>duckQuestions

@clintdeath
Clint (sad): I can’t remember how my life ended. Do you know anything about it, duck? It must have been an amazing duel, right?

Duck (neutral): I recall a volleyball.

Clint: ...Do explain further.

Duck: I believe somebody accidentally sent a volleyball flying in the wrong direction and it landed on a harpoon cannon and-

Clint: Oof, I get the picture. Spare me the details.
>duckQuestions

@clintheaven
Clint (neutral): If I go to a heaven, which heaven would I end up in?

Duck (neutral): You are a cowboy, so the western heaven.

Clint: Is there a beach there?

Duck: There is sand there.

Clint (sad): Hmm, your offer about resurrection sounds more and more tempting. 

>duckQuestions

@end
